The son of farmers Malcolm and Hilda Headlam , Frank Headlam was born on 15 July 1914 in Launceston ,
Following the outbreak of World War II , No. 1 Squadron was engaged in convoy escort and maritime reconnaissance duties
Headlam became Officer Commanding North @-@ Western Area in January 1946 . Posted to Britain at the end of the
Shikamaru first major appearance in the series is during the Chunin Exams , bi @-@ yearly exams for ninja who
Meridian is the sixth largest city in the state of Mississippi , in the United States . It is the
Previously inhabited by the Choctaw Native Americans , the area now called Meridian was obtained by the United States under
Meridian has operated under the mayor @-@ council or " strong mayor " form of government since 1985 . A
The city 's growth has reflected the push and pull of many social and economic factors . The total population
Meridian is located in the North Central Hills region of Mississippi in Lauderdale County . According to the United States
Early on , the economy depended greatly upon the railroads in the area . The city was the largest in
Known for more than a century of arts , Meridian contains many art and cultural organizations and hosts many cultural
The city contains several recreational parks , including Highland Park , Bonita Lakes , and Okatibbee Lake . Highland Park
Early public education in Meridian was based on the 1870 Mississippi Constitution . From 1870 to 1885 , trustees appointed
The only daily newspaper printed in the city is The Meridian Star , which has been in operation since 1898
Papa Stour is located at the south western end of St Magnus Bay . There are 34 kilometres ( 21
In 1469 Shetland came under nominal Scottish control , although the Norse ' Lairds of Norway ' kept their Papa
The coasts around Papa Stour have claimed numerous wrecks . In Hamnavoe , Tiptans Skerry alone has sunk Dutch ,
The lyrical content of " Angel of Death " contributed to the delay of the release of Slayer 's 1986
McCarty played high school football for the St. Thomas More Knights in Burnaby , British Columbia beginning in 1998 ,
On June 16 , 2011 , a trough situated off the southern coast of Guatemala showed signs of possible tropical
Following the classification of Tropical Depression Two @-@ E on June 19 , the Government of Mexico issued a tropical
" Sorry " was one of the first tracks developed for Confessions on a Dance Floor , along with "
Jennifer Vineyard of MTV News wrote that " Sorry " is the " album 's strongest track " and that
The High Five Interchange , north of downtown in Dallas , Texas , is a massive five @-@ level freeway
The High Five Interchange project was planned as a replacement for the existing , antiquated interchange that accommodated 500 @,@
A friend of Richmond 's father co @-@ owned a sprint car and Richmond joined the team as a crew
Pocono Raceway President Joseph Mattioli III convinced Richmond to make the change to stock car racing on the NASCAR circuit
Richmond fell ill the day after the 1986 NASCAR annual banquet during a promotional trip to New York . He
The Trout Creek Mountains are in a very remote area of southeastern Oregon and northern Nevada , in Harney and
The Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) administers most land in the Trout Creek Mountains , but there are
By the 1970s and 1980s , a century of intense cattle grazing had reduced much of the riparian vegetation along
The oldest parts of Capel Lligwy date from the first half of the 12th century . This was a time
Michigan announced its 14 @-@ game non @-@ conference schedule on August 1 , 2011 . The team began the
Radcliffe was born in West London , England . He is the only child of Alan George Radcliffe , a
In 2000 , producer David Heyman asked Radcliffe to audition for the role of Harry Potter for the film adaptation
Radcliffe made his film debut in The Tailor of Panama , an American 2001 film based on John le Carré
After voicing a character in an episode of the animated television series The Simpsons in late 2010 , Radcliffe debuted
Radcliffe is an atheist . He has been quoted as saying : " I 'm an atheist , and a
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents Frank Black ( Lance Henriksen ) and Emma Hollis ( Klea Scott ) travel to
Route 29 is a state highway in the U.S. state of New Jersey . It runs 34 @.@ 76 mi
Route 29 begins at a modified cloverleaf interchange with Interstate 195 and Interstate 295 in Hamilton Township , and it
Route 29 crosses into West Amwell Township in Hunterdon County . It enters Lambertville , where Route 29 becomes a
The current route was originally legislated in 1911 as part of the Delaware River Drive , a named state highway
The first Mongol invasions of Burma ( Myanmar ) ( Burmese : မွန ် ဂို – မြန ် မာ စစ
Despite the Mongol military success , the control of the borderlands remained contested . Pagan did not relinquish its claim
On 7 August 1942 , Allied forces ( primarily U.S. ) landed on Guadalcanal , Tulagi , and Florida Islands
On 28 August , 600 of Kawaguchi 's troops were loaded onto the destroyers Asagiri , Amagiri , Yugiri ,
Kawaguchi set the date for his attack on the Lunga perimeter for 12 September and began marching his forces west
The Americans knew of the approach of the Japanese forces from reports from native scouts and their own patrols ,
Expecting the Japanese to attack again that night , Edson directed his troops to improve their defenses on and around
At 13 : 05 on 14 September , Kawaguchi led the survivors of his shattered brigade away from the ridge
Route 50 begins at an intersection with US 9 in the Seaville section of Upper Township , Cape May County
Air Rhodesia Flight 825 was a scheduled passenger flight that was shot down by the Zimbabwe People 's Revolutionary Army
A dispute over the terms for the granting of full sovereignty to the self @-@ governing colony of Rhodesia (
Of the 56 people on board , 38 , including Hood and Beaumont , died in the crash . Eighteen
A report published in the American magazine Time a fortnight later described the incident as " a genuine horror story
Rhodesia then attacked ZIPRA 's bases in Zambia , in what Group Captain Peter Petter @-@ Bowyer later described as
In modern Zimbabwe , it is not the Viscount shootdowns but rather the retributory Rhodesian strikes against nationalist guerrilla camps
The closest large modern settlements are Flores and Santa Elena , approximately 64 kilometres ( 40 mi ) by road
The fourteenth king of Tikal was Chak Tok Ich 'aak ( Great Jaguar Paw ) . Chak Tok Ich 'aak
In the 5th century the power of the city reached as far south as Copán , whose founder K 'inich
By the 9th century , the crisis of the Classic Maya collapse was sweeping across the region , with populations
In 1525 , the Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés passed within a few kilometres of the ruins of Tikal but did
The Great Plaza lies at the core of the site ; it is flanked on the east and west sides
There are thousands of ancient structures at Tikal and only a fraction of these have been excavated , after decades
Stelae are carved stone shafts , often sculpted with figures and hieroglyphs . A selection of the most notable stelae
Burial 1 is a tomb in the Lost World complex . A fine ceramic bowl was recovered from the tomb
Tropical Storm Josephine formed as a tropical wave that emerged off the west coast of Africa near the end of
There are three main routes which ascend the mountain , all of which gain over 4 @,@ 100 feet (
Scientology , founded in the early 1950s in the United States by L. Ron Hubbard and today claiming to be
Scientology first became active in Germany in 1970 . By 2007 , there were ten major centres ( " Scientology
German public discourse does not regard Scientology as a religion , but generally characterizes it as a Sekte ( cult
While there have been calls for Scientology to be banned , the Church of Scientology remains legal in Germany and
Given the history of Nazism 's rise to power in Germany in the 1930s , the present German state has
A " sect filter " , also known as a " protective declaration " ( Schutzerklärung ) , is a
In March 2007 , it was reported that German authorities were increasing their efforts to monitor Scientology in response to
The United States media , while generally reporting negatively on Scientology in domestic news , has taken an at least
Asahi 's design was a modified version of the Formidable @-@ class battleships of the Royal Navy , with two
Asahi , meaning " rising sun " , a poetic name for Japan from a stanza of waka poetry ,
In 1908 , Asahi was part of the Japanese fleet that escorted the American Great White Fleet through Japanese waters
Michael is waiting in a hotel bar for his replacement Deangelo Vickers ( Will Ferrell ) to show up .
" Training Day " received mixed reviews from television critics . IGN writer Cindy White wrote that Deangelo was not
Democrat William Goebel chose Beckham as his running mate in the Kentucky gubernatorial election of 1899 . Goebel was hesitant
Although the Kentucky Constitution prohibited governors from serving consecutive terms , Beckham announced he would seek a full term as
Beckham 's term as governor ended December 10 , 1907 . In January 1908 he faced the legislature as the
Following his term in the Senate , Beckham resumed his legal practice in Louisville . He sought another term as
The 1888 – 89 New Zealand Native football team was a New Zealand rugby union team that toured Britain ,
The idea for assembling a team of Māori footballers to tour Britain was conceived by Joseph Warbrick , a rugby
The team were met in Britain by local rugby administrators , including an official of England 's Rugby Football Union
The Ireland fixture was played at Lansdowne Road , Dublin , on 1 December 1888 . Both teams had a
The side entered 1889 having played 36 matches for 22 wins and three draws . The Natives ' play had
The match against England was causing the Natives ' players and management problems before it had even begun . The
The majority of the Natives left Plymouth on 29 March ( Eyton and Pie Wynyard followed a week later )
Two days after their return , the Natives faced Southland , who they defeated 5 – 1 in front of
Arriving in New York , Gauthier struggled to find a niche in an already crowded music scene . She put
British army forces in North America were primarily tied up with the Siege of Boston in 1775 . Seeking bases
John Rutledge , recently elected president of the General Assembly that remained as the backbone of South Carolina 's revolutionary
The British fleet weighed anchor at Cape Fear on May 31 , and arrived outside Charleston Harbor the next day
On the morning of June 28 , Fort Sullivan was defended by Colonel Moultrie , commanding the 2nd South Carolina
Hu was born in Xiuning County , Anhui Province in 1584 or early 1585 . Both his father and elder
Despite his reputation as an artist and seal @-@ carver , Hu was primarily a publisher . His publishing house
Hu 's most notable work is the Ten Bamboo Studio Manual of Painting and Calligraphy ( Shizhuzhai Shuhuapu , 十竹齋書畫譜
In 1796 , after three years of the French Revolutionary Wars , Spain and the French Republic signed the Treaty
Late in the afternoon of 13 January 1798 , Sybille and Fox arrived in Manila Bay , slipping unchallenged past
Cooke led his small squadron past Corregidor on 15 January and turned south . Four days later in a storm
B of the Bang originally stood 56 metres ( 184 ft ) tall with 180 hollow tapered steel columns or
Japanese forces had landed on Bougainville in early 1942 , capturing it from the small force of Australians garrisoning the
Following the capture of Pearl Ridge in December 1944 , the Australian 7th Brigade had been moved south and allocated
The 15th Brigade took over the forward positions from the 7th Brigade on 17 April . Initial dispositions had the
Following the advance to the Hongorai , there was a pause of about a week as the Australians had to
During the course of the fighting around the Hongorai , the Australians lost 38 men killed and 159 wounded ,
Sonic the Hedgehog is a 2D , side @-@ scrolling platformer , whose gameplay centers around Sonic 's ability to
In 1990 , Sega ordered its in @-@ house development studio , AM8 , to develop a game featuring a
With a satisfying protagonist completed , Sega turned to esteemed programmer Yuji Naka , who had impressed them through his
Sonic the Hedgehog was critically praised at its release and in retrospective reviews , with an 86 @-@ percent approval
A prostitute is abandoned by an unknown man at a hospital , dangerously in labor . She dies as the
Co @-@ creators J. J. Abrams , Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci , and executive producer Jeff Pinkner wrote the
" The Same Old Story " received mixed reviews from television critics . TV Squad writer Jane Boursaw thought the
During a concert on May 24 , 2010 , in the Prague club , Abaton , Blythe was involved in
The trial started on February 4 , 2013 . Blythe testified that when he wanted to see the club before
Altogether , eight witnesses delivered their testimonies on February 5 , 2013 . Among them were friends of Daniel Nosek
Milan Pořádek , the fan whom Blythe admitted to shoving off the stage , testified on the third day of
US 2 enters Michigan from Wisconsin for the first time north of downtown Hurley , Wisconsin , and Ironwood ,
US 2 / US 141 re @-@ enters Michigan where it crosses the Menominee River and subsequently meets M ‑
In 1701 , the first transportation routes through what became the state of Michigan were the lakes , rivers and
The first state trunkline highway designated along the path of the modern US 2 was M ‑ 12 , a
With the coming of the Interstate Highway System in Michigan , the MSHD planned to convert the eastern section of
On July 1 , 1924 , the State Administrative Board named M ‑ 12 , the predecessor to US 2
There are six bridges along current or former sections of US 2 that MDOT has added to its listing of
The show began with Carey standing on a small elevated centerpiece on stage , surrounded by several long draped curtains
The windmill at Thelnetham was built by millwright George Bloomfield for William Button in 1819 . It replaced a post
The consortium took possession of the mill in November 1979 . The first priority was to make the mill as
In the 1981 season two separate work @-@ ins were held , the first from 25 July to 2 August
Work in the early part of 1983 was mainly confined to smaller jobs such as casting various brasses and overhaul
Four work @-@ ins were held during 1984 . The first two were by apprentices from Eastern Electricity Board .
Terms explained in the Mill machinery article are in italics As built in 1819 A four @-@ storey tower mill
" Sailor Mouth " was directed by Andrew Overtoom , and was written by Walt Dohrn , Paul Tibbitt ,
For most of the last century military service has been one of the single greatest shared experiences of white Australian
The reactions of the native Aboriginal inhabitants to the sudden arrival of British settlers in Australia were varied , but
From 1870 until 1901 , each of the six colonial governments was responsible for their own defence . The colonies
During the early years of the 1880s , an Egyptian regime in the Sudan , backed by the British ,
British encroachment into areas of South Africa already settled by the Afrikaner Boers and the competition for resources and land
The Boxer Rebellion in China began in 1900 , and a number of western nations — including many European powers
The Commonwealth of Australia came into existence on 1 January 1901 as a result of the federation of the Australian
After the withdrawal from Gallipoli the Australians returned to Egypt and the AIF underwent a major expansion . In 1916
Five infantry divisions of the AIF saw action in France and Belgium , leaving Egypt in March 1916 . I
Australia entered the Second World War on 3 September 1939 . At the time of the declaration of war against
From the 1920s Australia 's defence thinking was dominated by British Imperial defence policy , which was embodied by the
On 25 June 1950 , the North Korean Army ( KPA ) crossed the border into South Korea and advanced
The Malayan Emergency was declared on 18 June 1948 , after three estate managers were murdered by members of the
The Indonesia @-@ Malaysia confrontation was fought from 1962 to 1966 between the British Commonwealth and Indonesia over the creation
Australia 's involvement in the Vietnam War was driven largely by the rise of communism in Southeast Asia after the
Until the 1970s , Australia 's military strategy centred on the concept of Forward Defence , in which the role
The former @-@ Portuguese colony of East Timor was invaded by Indonesia in 1975 , however , following years of
Shortly after the Islamist inspired terrorist attacks in New York and Washington on 11 September 2001 , Australian forces were
Australian forces later joined British and American forces during the 2003 invasion of Iraq . The initial contribution was also
In 1978 , Churchill began working at the University of Colorado Boulder as an affirmative action officer in the university
In 2003 , Churchill stated , " I am myself of Muscogee and Creek descent on my father 's side
Churchill has written on American Indian history and culture , and speaks about genocide inflicted on the indigenous people of
Churchill has been active since at least 1984 as the co @-@ director of the Denver @-@ based American Indian
The controversy attracted increased academic attention to Churchill 's research , which had already been criticized by the legal scholar
Books , as editor Marxism and Native Americans . Boulder CO : South End Press . 1984 . ISBN 978
As a birthday gift for Marge , Homer buys a blender designed by television chef Paula Paul . He goes
" Exit Through the Kwik @-@ E @-@ Mart " was written by Marc Wilmore and directed by Steven Dean
" Exit Through the Kwik @-@ E @-@ Mart " was originally broadcast on the Fox network in the United
The Cherokee of Indian Territory ( now Oklahoma ) were upset to have Fort Wayne in their proximity . After
During the American Civil War , the fort was renewed as a US military post . In August 1861 ,
Slammiversary featured seven professional wrestling matches and one pre @-@ show match that involved different wrestlers from pre @-@ existing
The TNA X Division Championship was defended by then @-@ champion Petey Williams against Kaz in the opening contest of
A.J. Styles fought Kurt Angle in the sixth encounter of the show next . The match lasted 22 minutes and
A total of 2 @,@ 000 people attended Slammiversary , while the The Wrestling Observer Newsletter reported that 20 @,@
Several wrestlers were concerned with Kurt Angle 's health going into his Slammiversary match with A.J. Styles . Despite the
Though the film is presumed lost , a synopsis survives in The Moving Picture World from September 24 , 1910
The single reel comedy , approximately 1 @,@ 000 feet long , was released on September 27 , 1910 .
Ringo Starr identified his initial inspiration for " Back Off Boogaloo " as having come from Marc Bolan , the
Apple Records issued the single on 17 March 1972 in Britain , as Apple R 5944 , with a US
The music for " Where the Streets Have No Name " originated from a demo that guitarist The Edge composed
The lyrics were inspired by a story that Bono heard about the streets of Belfast , Northern Ireland , where
The video begins with an aerial shot of a block in Los Angeles , and clips of radio broadcasts are
" Race Against Time " was released on the 12 @-@ inch , cassette , and CD versions of the
Upon the release of The Joshua Tree , critics praised " Where the Streets Have No Name " . Steve
" Where the Streets Have No Name " made its concert debut on 2 April 1987 in Tempe , Arizona
Nick Hendricks ( Bateman ) and Dale Arbus ( Day ) are friends who despise their bosses . Nick works
Jason Bateman as Nick Hendricks An executive at a financial firm who is manipulated into jumping through hoops in order
Production designer Shepherd Frankel specifically set out to create distinctly different environments for the three employees and their respective bosses
Horrible Bosses grossed $ 117 @.@ 5 million ( 56 @.@ 1 % ) in the North America and $
Horrible Bosses received generally positive reviews from critics . On Rotten Tomatoes , the film holds a rating of 68
Seven followers ( called Rajneeshees ) of charismatic leader Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh ( now known as Osho ) , were
Catherine Jane Stork volunteered to be the follower who would actually murder Turner , and bought guns and silencers .
After obtaining guns the conspirators returned to Portland , Oregon . They rented out an apartment in Portland to serve
On February 28 , 1985 , Congressman James H. Weaver gave a speech in the United States House of Representatives
Chief criminal assistant U.S. attorney Baron C. Sheldahl was assigned to prosecute the charges of federal wiretapping , and a
MI6 officer James Bond — agent 007 — infiltrates a North Korean military base , where Colonel Tan @-@ Sun
Principal photography of Die Another Day began on 11 January 2002 at Pinewood studios . The film was shot primarily
Die Another Day had its world premiere on 18 November 2002 at the Royal Albert Hall in London . Queen
Ayola began her career in the theatre , performing in a number of Shakespearean plays including Twelfth Night , A
From 7 February 2006 to 9 December 2008 , Ayola starred in BBC medical drama Holby City as nurse Kyla
